[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] The year was 1889.
It was the year
of the Paris World Exposition,
a showcase of the world's
scientific marvels.
Jean, a young inventor,
came to Paris
to present his brand
new aircraft
He was soon charmed by a
mysterious circus performer,
Nadia, and her pet lion, King.
But the lovely girl
had a secret.
The wicked Grandis and
her ruthless henchmen,
Hanson and Sanson,
wanted to steal the Blue Water,
the wonderful jewel
Nadia wore around her neck.
The evil trio kidnapped Nadia
and spirited her away
on their massive airship.
Fortunately, Jean came
to her rescue.
Will he discover the secret
of Blue Water?
[whimsical music playing]
No reason to worry, they'll
never catch up with us now.
I'm sure they've
given up on you.
[laughs] Don't look so serious.
You'll feel better once
we reach Auntie's house.
Thanks.
[dramatic music playing]
Make sure we find those
troublemakers before sundown.
Let's finish this
as quickly as possible.
Just leave it to us.
Few things are more humiliating
than being outwitted
by children.
Nadia, if you could fly away...
Huh?
If you could really fly
to any place,
where would you want to go?
I would fly--
I would want to go
to the country where I was born.
And, so, which country
would that be?
-I don't know.
-Really?
You forgot?
[Nadia] Oh, no.
I've never known.
[purrs]
Yes, King.
He thinks that I was born
in Africa.
And I have a feeling
he could be right.
[purrs]
But it's so far away.
And it's too large
to find one place.
[King purring]
[Nadia laughing]
You want to go back to Africa,
don't you?
Africa?
That is far.
[growling]
What's the matter, King?
[gasps]
What could that be?
Some sort of boat.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[Jean] Amazing.
It's an ironclad ship.
And it looks familiar.
[gasps] They've come after us!
[Blue Water signals]
Ah.
-I knew it!
-Ah.
A ship that floats and flies.
What an incredible invention.
But we still have
to get away from it.
Oh, right.
A steel boat can't outrun that.
Just watch this!
I think they may have
spotted us, Ms. Grandis.
That puny sailboat
can't surpass our machine.
Now give me full throttle.
-Right!
[suspenseful music playing]
[King purrs]
[screaming]
[Grandis] We've got you now!
This silly game is over.
-So, just give up!
-Now what?
Don't you worry!
I have a big surprise for you.
Huh?
Jettison aft!
Welcome to the Emeraude
Hydrofoil, part two.
Huh?
Ah!
-That was incredible!
[playful music playing]
That iron ship
is too weighed down
to catch up with us
at this point.
The foils lift the ship up
which lowers the water
resistance.
And that's the secret behind
its great speed.
It's remarkable.
What a great invention.
That it is.
The original concept
for it actually
belongs to another Frenchman.
But I've added my own
improvements.
It amazes me that such
a young boy can be so smart.
How do you think up
these things?
I don't know. I just do.
Oh, Jean.
You're a do-it-yourself genius!
Hey, I'm much more than that.
You're telling me.
[explosion]
What was that?
Why did that happen?
I don't think I ever tested
the engine for endurance.
[Nadia] So, what does that mean?
[chuckles]
We have broken down.
Flimsy construction.
It's not so amazing after all.
[Jean laughs]
The genius apologizes.
[laughter]
[playful music playing]
-[whirring]
-So, did you make that?
It was one of my earliest
efforts. The hand crank
powers the generator which
charges the light filament.
It takes some work though.
Drat! Too much work really.
[chuckles] It sure does.
It's pretty obvious.
[crickets chirping]
This is their house.
This won't take but a minute.
Uh-hmm.
[doorbell ringing]
Oh, well, you've come home.
Good evening, Auntie.
Did you forget
to bring your uncle with you?
Uncle is most likely
still back in Paris.
Is he?
Probably ogling dancing girls
at a cabaret.
Well, that man is just a
good-for-nothing.
Auntie, may I...
may I ask a favor of you?
A new friend
of mine needs a place to live.
And I was hoping
she could stay here with us.
Oh, really?
Where did you find her?
We met at the Eiffel Tower.
There were these bad people
after her, you see?
Jean, come inside!
This won't take long.
-Yes?
-Jean Rocque Raltique!
Please, do you expect me
to take in a stranger?
Did you notice her skin?
And what's that mangy animal
with her?
Who knows what trouble
she'll cause?
But Nadia won't be
any trouble at all.
[Auntie] It's bad enough
you spent the
money my brother left you
on your little piles of junk.
[Jean] It's not junk.
[Auntie] You spend money
left and right
on your silly inventions.
[Jean] Auntie, we're close
to making something wonderful.
I know it.
[Auntie] You, who sold
his father's beautiful farm
to build an aeroplane
that can't fly.
And now you come,
hat in hand, asking me
to take in some dark-skinned
girl and her frightening pet?
We barely have enough
to feed ourselves.
How are we going to feed
the two of them?
You have a great deal to learn
about the way the world works
and what it takes to survive
in it, young man.
And I won't let you use
the money we've set aside
for your schooling to help
that peculiar child.
Yes, Auntie. I know.
Bye.
[auntie] Come back here.
Did you hear me, young Raltique?
-[Jean gasps]
Hey, wait!
Hey!
Don't bother.
We can take care of ourselves.
Thank you.
Please, wait. Auntie doesn't
know what she's saying.
So, please, don't take it
so personally.
It's wrong for me
to impose on you like this.
Goodbye.
Uh, but you're not.
I promise.
[dramatic music playing]
Hmm?
I got it. You and King
can stay at my house.
At your house?
Sure.
It's relatively early
and we'd have the entire place
to ourselves.
Hmm?
[sighs]
-[crickets chirping]
-[owl hooting]
We're close now.
-Tired?
-No, not at all.
But it certainly is
a very long road.
Eventually, this road,
will become my main runway.
Your runway?
I'll use it for all my aircraft.
Hmm.
Who are those grave markers for?
Those are the graves
of Etoile de la Siene 1-6.
The iron resting place
is for the aircraft
that didn't make
it to the sky.
Oh, I see.
And we've finally arrived
at my house.
That's an unusual design.
[chuckles]
Yes, it's my pride and joy.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[dramatic music playing]
[yawns]
Good morning, Nadia.
[rooster crows]
[gasps]
[panting]
Why did she leave so soon?
-[King purrs]
-Huh?
Phew.
Good morning, Nadia!
I hope you slept well!
Yes.
I'll get a morning tea ready!
Meet me downstairs.
[Nadia] Right!
[dramatic music playing]
[Nadia] This is quite
a collection.
You have this entire house
all to yourself?
Well, my father is a sailor,
and he never knew
whether he'd be lost at sea.
He wanted to be sure
I'd be well taken care of.
So he left some extra money
with my uncle.
And uncle let me use
some of it
to build the workshop
I always wanted.
You had a very good father!
This place is perfect
because it allows uncle and me
to devote time to new inventions
and studies!
[Nadia] Hmm.
You invented all of these?
Uh-hmm.
Well, we certainly have made
our share of blunders.
Hmm.
But one of these days,
I know we're going to construct
an aircraft that can fly
around the world.
All the way around the world?
And after we finish that,
I'm going to go look
for my father.
You have to look for him?
[Jean] Yes!
His ship was reported missing
over a year ago,
during an Atlantic crossing.
I'll find him.
Did sea monsters attack it?
Oh!
I'm sorry.
There's really no need
to be sorry, Nadia.
Since they have never confirmed
that the ship was sunk.
Then he's probably out there
waiting for you.
Hmm.
I have no doubt
that my father is alive.
He's the best sailor
in the world.
-[whirring]
-[both gasp]
You've built a moving staircase?
My! I saw one just like it
at the exposition.
Yes.
Unfortunately, another inventor
was a little ahead of me
on this creation.
But now, I want to show you
my greatest work.
It happens to be
right up these stairs.
So step up.
Uh, sure.
What happened?
It looks like we broke it.
[chuckles]
It was not built
to support two people.
Another faulty machine.
I shouldn't have expected
anything more.
It's incredible!
Did you and your uncle
build this?
Yes.
And this aircraft
will fly through the skies.
[Nadia] But aren't all aircrafts
supposed to do that?
Well, no one has invented one
that really flies yet.
[Nadia] Which is why all those
iron crosses are on the field.
[Jean laughs]
But no one in the world
has designed a working aeroplane
until now.
Is that so?
What do you call it?
I've named it the
Etoile de la Siene VIII.
Uh, but what happened to VII?
We crashed that one
into the river yesterday.
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
Well, it rescued you,
and that is all I care about.
Thank you for that.
Oh, I found you.
Don't let her get away
this time, boys.
Switch to MVVS operation mode.
Release mobile support.
[dramatic music playing]
I don't want to disturb you,
but is there anything wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Hmm!
[dramatic music playing]
Hmm.
Nadia?
Yes, Jean?
Would you mind telling me
how much you weigh?
Huh?
How much do you weigh?
It's very rude to ask a lady
a question like that!
Oh, I didn't know.
You cad.
I'm much lighter than you are.
You are? Then we shouldn't
have any trouble at all.
Up on the tower, I told you
that I could make you fly.
Huh?
We're going to fly
to Africa together.
Really?
That would be nice.
[beeping]
What could be wrong now?
I have no idea.
Ah!
There's no escape.
Hand it over now!
You really don't want us
to come after you!
Give me the Blue Water
or something terrible will
happen to you.
-I'm not kidding!
-Come on!
There's no use in hiding.
Surrender to me!
Sanson, it's time
we taught them a lesson.
Yes, ma'am.
Hanson, hook on target.
Stand by!
Let's see!
That should do the trick!
Jean, what will we do?
We'll just fly away.
Huh?
[Grandis] Fire!
[explosion]
Oh!
It's time to go!
Do you think this thing
will really work?
Uncle and I were just waiting
for the right time
to try it out.
[upbeat music playing]
What are they doing now?
I don't know what you're doing
but you better stop.
Why can't you give up
like good little children?
All right.
I am depending on you
Etoile de la Seine VIII.
Did you build this machine
to carry two people?
-I hope so.
-Oh!
What do you think you're doing?
Aren't you listening to me?
I told you that
you couldn't get away.
Take off!
[screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
[Nadia] What's wrong with it?
Why aren't we flying?
We have to achieve maximum
velocity before we can take off!
But what if we run out of road
before that happens?
Don't worry, this road
is more than long enough.
We're going to hit them!
Just a bit more!
Please stop that thing
right where it is!
If you keep coming,
we will have to blow you up.
Why won't you listen to me?
Here we go.
Let's blow them to bits.
[gasps]
Now fly!
Ah!
Hey, I didn't tell you
to do that.
Oh, it flies?
Incredible!
What amazing children!
They certainly are clever!
But now they're getting away!
Hey, stop them!
Do something!
[both] Yeah.
Come on, fly!
[dramatic music playing]
Look at that!
It's just like I said.
My calculations were correct.
Look, Nadia,
we're actually flying.
Oh, this craft is utterly
amazing, Jean.
Of course. After all,
I'm the one who designed it.
I was wrong!
You are definitely a genius.
Hey! We're going to fly
all the way to Africa!
Okay!
Uh...but why don't we fly
along the coastline?
Just to be sure.
All right!
Ah!
What's wrong?
I think... um...
We may have been a bit
premature.
[engine turns off]
Ah!
[Nadia] What happened?
It broke.
[Nadia] Not again!
Well, can you repair it?
That is what I'm trying to do.
How come none of your inventions
work very well?
[sighs] You're not much
of a genius.
Sorry, Nadia.
We're not going to make it
to Africa.
You can't fix it?
[groaning]
Phew.
Well, we made it.
How long will this thing
stay afloat?
[Jean] Oh, don't worry.
it will float long enough
for help to arrive.
I planned for this possibility.
We're going to stay
nice and dry.
Hmm.
[thunder rumbling]
Jean, did you plan for that?
[tense music playing]
[singing in Japanese]